Multi participant node named logging (#2647) (#3080)
digital-asset/daml: unreleased.rst

- [DAML Compiler] Generic template instantiations like ``template instance IouProposal = Proposal Iou`` now generate a type synonym ``type IouProposal = Proposal Iou`` that can be used in DAML. Before, they generated a ``newtype``, which cannot be used anymore.
- [DAML Compiler] Fixed a bug where ``damlc build`` sometimes did not find modules during typechecking
  even if they were present during parallel compilations.

> - [Ledger] Enhance logging to correlate log messages with associate participant in multi-participant node tests and environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ledger] Enhance logging to correlate log messages with the associated participant id in multi-participant node tests and environments
```
